Please fill out the following and submit with your Final Project submission 
(added to help us know what to focus on when grading, what was intentionally incomplete, etc.):

1. What is your estimated grade for the Final Project (roughly of 100)? For partner projects,
   do you think the workload distribution was fair?

   I think that my estimated grade for the Final Project is approximately 90/100. I worked very hard 
   on it but I also know that I most likely implemented something inefficiently. I think that workload
   was fair, we had different strengths but I think we helped each other out in a way that led to an
   equal distribution of work.

2. What is your estimated grade for the course (letter grade)? You can support your
   estimate with examples of demonstrated engagement in the course material, strengths
   (and weaknesses) over the term, and growth throughout the material (some assignment
   grading feedback was delayed, but we would like to know what resources you used to
   iterate on the material, such as lectures, OH, Discord, etc.)

  I think that my estimated grade for this class is an A. I performed well on the homeworks so far and
  have submitted some CPs that I am proud of. I have attended lectures to the best of my ability and 
  watched lecture videos or read through slides when I could not attend lecture. I also attended OH 
  whenever I felt stuck or just did not know where/how to start. I also tried to maximize the benefit 
  of Discord by asking questions when I had them. I think that overall I have tried my best to create
  projects that I am very proud of, even if sometimes I struggled to get started on them.

3. To what extent would you like feedback in your project (e.g. thorough, particular areas of the
   project, or just a grade)?

  I think that I would want a bit more feedback on the UI of my website. I put a lo of thought 
  into the design and usability of it and would like to know if the grader had any ideas of ways I 
  could have presented the content in a better/clearer way.

4. Anything else you would like El to know when grading?
I know that one of my function in cart.js is extremely long and I did try to break it up but I could 
not get it to work the same way so I decided to just leave it. But I just wanted to let you kow that
I did try to fix that.

5. Are you open to sharing your project/reflection for future terms? If so, would you
   like named credit or anonymous?
I would be open to sharing my project/reflection for future terms and both can be either anonymous 
or name credited. 